hey guys so today we're gonna taste the
name it 12 year so today we have the
Glenlivet 12 year we're actually gonna
do a series where we taste the 12 to 15
to 18 and the 25 year old scotch so this
is the first you've probably seen this
in your dad's liquor cabinet your
everyday right right this not every day
but no this is this is the the scotch
the single malt that people start with
and it's a 12-year it's not too
expensive but it's still old enough to
give it a good flavor yeah I mean it's
it's quality as well right Glenlivet has
a good good brand behind it so they've
been doing it since 1824 long time guys
which from what I understand
Glenlivet actually was a style that they
that they pioneered in their in their
region of Scotland so like there are
many distilleries making Glenlivet
scotch
they actually got like a government
order to be the Glenlivet that's why it
says deagle I love it on the bottle okay
so now they make that style whiskey and
they perfected it did what they do so to
give it shots guy knows everything
hey I gotta give a little fun faction
yeah well he knows everything about
alcohol problem if you're knowledgeable
about it that makes you know I'm pretty
excited because it George say this is
the first of a series of four so I mean
yes so we will really be able to tell
the expressions and how they're
different as as the the whiskey was aged
longer and the differences that it makes
i mean i'm there's been times where i've
tasted different expressions of a
whiskey and not necessarily is the
oldest one the best one i mean it may be
for some people but for me there's been
times where I liked the 12 way better
than I like the 25 okay so it'll be
interesting to see how it goes
in the two of us as well so let's give
this a shot
Cheers let's move very smooth yes I
smell like a cinnamon right I'm getting
a little vanilla it's actually one of
the most no but one of the more foodie
er whiskies our Scotch dad thanks
Melanie right sometimes sometimes you
smell scotch and I just like sit as the
nostrils with you yeah you know how it's
gonna taste like with the smoke and the
Pete this isn't this isn't that Scott
this is smooth
yeah you can even once you finish
drinking it know if there's still like a
little bit of Apple a little bit of
citrus in there and the finish is smooth
it burns a little bit going down but it
burns yeah I mean it Brisbane now maybe
we're like it sticks around for a little
bit
so it's definitely worth remembering and
something you can sip on for a good
while
I mean now I would recommend this I mean
for 50 bucks or so depending on where
you go it's definitely a good sip Opel
Scotch to have on your shelf that is
well respected so that was the Glenlivet
12 stay tuned for the 15 the 18 and 25
thanks for watching be sure to subscribe
like us on instagram hat challenge
hashtag your pictures hash tag gents
lunch and I'm sure if you guys have
tried this let us know in the comments
below where you would rate it on the
scale of one to ten thanks guys